---
layout: post
title: Week 4 Fun
date: 2020-04-20 17:59
category: 
author: Adam Adair
tags: [COVID-19]
summary: Fuck COVID-19!
---
Today is day 24 of #StayHomeMN. Each day blends nicely into the next, so I actually
had to get out a calendar to try and figure out how long it has been. Twenty-four days is not a long
time, but based on some of stories in the news you would have thought that we've been locked 
up for months. People are starting to act weird. In my opinion it hasn't been that bad, but I have some thoughts.

- My pay has been cut, and I'm being furloughed by my employer. That was pretty fucking fast if you ask me. 
- I work from home, and my home is not a great place to work. As such my productivity is not 100%. I don't feel too bad about that though.
- During this time I've taken up playing Fortnite every night. Completing the challenges provide me a sense of achievement that I no longer get from my job.
- The price of oil reached $-37 a barrel today. Does that mean they'll start paying me to fill my car? 
- I don't feel one little bit of sympathy for the oil industry. Fuck those guys! Remember 2008? What comes around goes around.
- Don't feel bad for the airline industry. In 2017 American Airlines CEO Doug Parker claimed they would never lose money again, and then proceeded to run
his company like a dumb-ass. Fuck him too. 
- I do feel bad for people in the restaurant business, with an estimated $220 billion Spring losses. They're taking it in the shorts, with no end in sight. 
- As of today 13.5% of the labor force is out of work. That was fast, and this is only going to get worse.
- The stay at home order lasts until May 15. Then what?
