---
layout: post
title: CodinGame Spring Challenge 2020 - Day 8
date: 2020-05-14 17:21
category: 
author: Adam Adair
tags: [CodinGame PacMan]]
summary: Day 8 of the CodinGame Spring Challenge 2020
---
I haven't looked at my code or the CodinGame site since the last time I posted, RL work has been busy and I just have felt like more coding when I get done. I just looked and somehow I was promoted to the Silver league! That's good for the motivation. Pitter-patter, let's git-at-her!

## Obvious Problems
Here is a quick list of the problems the bot has that are obvious:
1) My pacs are still running into each other, and it has to do with not taking teammate movement into account when calculating paths.

2) My pacs are not using speed efficiently, especially if their next target is right next to them. They aren't using two moves in that case. 

3) Target cell selection is weak.    

## Goals for today
1) Handle dead Pacman. The engine is now passing information about whether my pacs are alive or dead. I had been calculating my own dead before, this can be abandoned and the code simplified.

2) Set Pac paths in priority order, so that low priority pacs can take higher priority pacs paths into account when calculating paths. We have to stop butting into each other.  

3) Try to do something with target cell selection.

## Results
Fixing the problem with teammates bumping each other has really helped. Target cell selection is still a little weak. [My bot does defeat Clyde though.](https://www.codingame.com/share-replay/465885192)

It may not be enough to get promoted to Gold league though.